docs(js-profiling): Re-wording comment about startSpan (#9783)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/aws-lambda/profiling/index.mdx

  profilesSampleRate: 1.0,
});

> // Profiling happens automatically after setting it up with `Sentry.init()`.

Reviewer: I think this is a little confusing for me because profiling requires the existence of transactions/spans, so it only starts automatically if `Sentry.init` creates transactions via automatic instrumentation. Could we make that more clear?

Author: Do you have a suggestion of how to write this a little bit more understandable?

Reviewer: I think we can keep this line if we use the suggestion from @vivianyentran in https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/pull/9783#discussion_r1576628367 because of the `All spans captured in your application will have profiling data attached to them` line!

> // Profiling happens automatically after setting it up with `Sentry.init()`.
> // However, specific elements can be manually profiled with `startSpan`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Profiling happens automatically after setting it up with `Sentry.init()`.
// Any spans that are captured in your application will have profiling data attached to them
```

maybe like this? 🤔

Author: I wanted to explain the `startSpan` part a little bit more. What do you think of this addition?

```md
// Profiling happens automatically after setting it up with `Sentry.init()`. 
// Any spans that are captured in your application will have profiling data attached to them.
// Spans can also be manually captured with `startSpan` like below.
```

Reviewer 3: I like that addition! How's this?

```suggestion
// Profiling happens automatically after setting it up with `Sentry.init()`. 
// All spans captured in your application will have profiling data attached to them.
// You can also manually capture spans with `startSpan`, as shown below:
```

Reviewer 2: sounds very good to me!
